Group Name: Sytaxo
Group Member: Aynsley Aaron Chong, Ng Jing Ping
Group Number: Group 5
Application Name: Try My Riddle!

Application description:
Our application (Try My Riddle!) is a game that provide a range of 50 or more questions from 
general knowledge(logic), science, to music and movie. The user will have to answer the questions 
provided and each question contain 100 points. The user will have 3 chances to guess the answer
or moving on to another question if the user unable to answer it. After 3 tries, the application 
will automatically stop calculating the score. 

Objective:
Our objective is to not only to provide entertainment but the user is able learn new things (knowledge) 
and improving their critical and logical thinking skill.

Scope:
Our application has its strength and its limits. The strength of Try My Riddle! is easy to use. User 
will only have to guess the answer and moving on if the question is difficult. However, the limit is 
that the user only has 3 chances to answer the question.

Game Instruction:
This game should try the first question until the end question. First, you should enter your name and 
your ID. After press 'enter' button on your keyboard, click the 'Start' button to start and the 'About' 
button for application details. Read the information before you start the game. Click the 'Logic' button, 
'Science' button, 'Music' button and 'Movie' button to start your game from the categories. Input your 
answer and guesses on the blank rectangle boxes given beside the 'check' button. After you input your 
answer, click the 'check' button to check your answer. If correct, add 100 score points and if wrong, 
no score point. Each question have 3 tries to answer and move to next questions. Whatever your answer 
correct or wrong, application will not calculate the score after 3 tries. If click 'check' without 
answer (blank), the warning notification will coming out. Click the 'Next' button to next page and the
 'Back' button will turning back to the previous page. Click the 'back' button ,'Logic' button, 'Science' 
button, 'Music' button, 'Movie' button, 'About' button and 'Start' button will refreshing the scores and 
restart the game in each categories.
